Start in the catalog. Choose the app you actually need. Here, the checklist is ready, the study app is unavailable, and StatePort shows that difference instead of hiding it.
Open the checklist and you get a real project view: its name, its backup state, the tools it exposes, and where the source came from.
Ask a normal question: what should I do next? The answer comes back in the same conversation, with the project still in view.
For a more controlled task, choose an action. Before it runs, StatePort shows the engine, the budget, the data it will read, and whether it can change anything.
Approval is its own step. You can review the exact task before anything executes.
After execution, the result is readable: verify the portable execution boundary. The project is unchanged.
The evidence drawer keeps the lifecycle, receipt, and exact record together. You can inspect the result instead of trusting a screenshot.
Settings are part of the product. You can see the instance identity, what stays editable, and which facts come from the application itself.
Different application, different role. This CTO fixture opens a workbench for development work, while the project identity and recovery state stay visible.
The boundaries are visible too. Tools that are unavailable in this environment stay unavailable instead of pretending to work.